# Source: https://qceqatwapp101.sd01.unicreditgroup.eu:5443/docs/instruments_loc.html

# Letter of Credit Instrument

When a Letter of Credit instrument is viewed, created or edited, it will contain 4 tabs of information. Each tab is described below.

**Note:** Fields in red are required.

## General

Section | Field | Description  
---|---|---  
**Identification** | Internal | Unique identifier for the Letter of Credit Instrument. The data entered here will form the Primary ID for the Letter of Credit Instrument. It is this Id which will be displayed on the Instruments grid, Collateral Position Statements, Collateral Notices. Additionally, in certain areas within the system wherever Instruments can be selected, only Primary ID type can be entered.  
| Description | A free form field where a written representation of the instrument can be specified.  
| Cost of Funding | Allows the user to optionally record a numeric value which represents the internal cost of funding the instrument. This field can accommodate 19 digits which includes 2 decimal places.  
| Currency | The currency in which the instrument is denominated.  
| Instrument Type | User defined value which is used to group types of instruments together.  
| Issuer | The issuer of the instrument.  
| Issuing LC Number | ID generated by the Issuing Bank to track LOC.  
| Confirming Bank | The Bank involved in confirming the LOC arrangement to the Advising Bank.  
| Confirming LC Number | The ID for the LOC arrangement as known by the Confirming Bank.  
  
## Issuer

Field | Description  
---|---  
Issuer Domicile | The domicile of the Issuer. A domicile can be [added](<reference.md#adding-reference-data>) through reference data.  
Issuer Type | The type of the issuer. An issuer type can be [added](<reference.md#adding-reference-data>) through reference data.  
Issuer Industry Sector | The Industry Sector of the Issuer. An industry sector can be [added](<reference.md#adding-reference-data>) through reference data.  
Issuer Industry Group | The Industry Group of Issuer. An industry group can be [added](<reference.md#adding-reference-data>) through reference data.  
Amount Issued | The amount of the Instrument that was originally issued.  
Amount Outstanding | The amount of the Instrument remaining in circulation.  
Collateral Type | The collateral type associated to the Instrument. A collateral type can be [added](<reference.md#adding-reference-data>) through reference data.  
  
## Issuer Ratings

This tab is automatically populated with the following information for the Issuer:

  * Rating Agency
  * Debt Structure
  * Rating



## Extensions

The system provides the flexibility for users to create their own parameters on the Instrument Object. These parameters are termed "Extensions".

[Instrument Extensions](<reference_related_data.md#extensions>) are created in [Reference Data](<reference.md>). Once created, they can be seen, and their values updated on the Extensions Tab on the Agreement form.
